# Computer-Science-Paper

This is an individual assignment for the course 'Computer Science For Business Analytics' at the Erasmus University of Rotterdam. The assignment is about detecting duplicates of 4 different Web shops. The result is a duplicate detection method which should be scalable. The code is written in Python. 

The code consists of different functions. At first, the data is cleaned so that we are able to work with the data. The main variable of this paper is Title. A binary matrix is made where a vector represents a product and a row represents the unique words of a title. A value of 1 is given when the title of the product contains that unique title word. This binary matrix is then used as input for the function to make a signature matrix. In this function min-hashing with a hash function is applied. Thereafter the signature matrix is divided into rows and bands and the bands are hashed to a certain bucket. The number of this bucket corresponds to the numbers inside a band appended one after one other. Only the products which hash to the same buckets with at least one band are considered as candidate matrix. This results in a candidate matrix. Then the dissimilarity matrix is made. The dissimilarity of the two products is quantified, this is only done for the candidate pairs which have a value of 1 in the candidate matrix. Moreover, only for the candidate pairs with the same TV size, same brand and from a different shop the dissimilarity is quantified. This dissimilarity matrix is then input for the clustering function, the output is our predicted duplicates. The performance of this method is measured in the performance function. In the end, an 'Overall function' is made. This function calls all the matrixes and runs the whole code. As output, the performance measures are given. At the end, a bootstrap is performed in order to make sure we have stable results. With the 'Average' function the threshold of the clustering is tuned. This is done for two types of similarity methods: Jaccard and Cosine. The results are depicted in different graphs, where the duplicate detection method with the Jaccard dissimilarity measure corresponds to the black line and the duplicate detection method with the Cosine dissimilarity measure to the red line.

Programming buddy: David Teunissen 
